hello guys today we're going to see how
on the edge of a baby blanket there is
many types of edges of course with
rifles etcetera but that this in
particular is very good
it was the Portuguese point this famous that
we have seen that it is called point das
marinas
I leave the link here for you to see is
a special point for baby blankets
and this point is on that same page
I liked this edge and that's why I've
translated and I bring today the be
besides that it is very simple and very little
seen the first thing we have to do
is to ride 11 points plus two points of
brightness is 13 points now
I'm working, they do not need needles
double point for this I do it because
it's more comfortable for me that the needle is
the shorter the better
this is a 5 millimeter needle and this
it's a fine balloon like you see
then all the even turns are from
back the second the fourth to the sixth
etcetera so you have to have a lot of
backwards to make this edge but I think
it's worth it
then we go there
we assembled that 11 213 points the first
point is the point of brightness not what
we have
and we have
10 points upside down
one
two
loop or evra
look how it's done like this
a point of the reverse
and the shore point that is this
straight
the second round all of the other way round
I'm going to do this so they can see how
knit that increase is laced
the first one does not knit the one of brightness and
all the reverse
including the loop or strand and
until the end
ending with the last point
brightness
of the right as we already know
all even turns are woven like this
how is this that I am showing you
so we're not going to do the
boxes
third round point of brightness that on it
it is knitted ten points inside out but
no no
9 10
Loop and now as we had increased 1
they will be one but two backwards
and the last of brightness of the right
then from now on this is what
that we are starting here this is what
what are we going to have here
in the written instructions that are
at
in the blog I'm willy dotcom will see how
we always have
10 stitches points and then in the next
back will be
the next next novel is from
back I mean in the fifth instead
of two after the strand will be three in
the seventh will be four and so on until
we get to the number 19 turn where
after the loop we will have 10 more
punto de orilla la 20 is the other way around
all pairs and now we come back for
that they see what is done in the 21 that is
the last round we go there
okay
we just knit the number 20 spin
upside down and now we go to 21 and here
what we have to do is close 10
points of the reverse
we passed the first without doing
one upside down
and we ride
without doing about the one that we just tea
without thinking without talking much thread and
we repeat already we take one closed
do not pull the thread when they close because
remains
narrow
and it's not going to be the peak form
it's not going to be the pretty peak and here
we have come again to the point of
principle that it was as if we had
mounted the two 11 plus 2 points of
shore we start again from the
return number 1 look how is it
we are doing these peaks
and the blanket
the co we would be here
so for example
that this was this is a sample
imagine that I'm out of work
as the point is that I was telling them
Thank you very much the handcuffs that I
I call it the Portuguese point as a
little peak also because this edge is
excellent for that
another thing when we have things
baby
we usually use much finer needles than
this one I made this video with
this number 5 needle so they can
see better but in reality we should
knit with a 2.53 needle this is even
3.5
the difference
even thinner than this 2.53 would be the
ideal to drink on the scale because the
Baby's body is tiny then
that does not look like it stops a
an extreme gneiting garment
Well I leave you here
Any doubt or question you already know where
find me I'm willy dotcom
Take advantage until the next